README.md, before:

# LIRI Bot

Problem: Create a command line node app that takes in parameters and gives you back data.

Requirements: This is a node.js app, and you will need to run this on the command line. You will need to run `npm install` to get the node_modules folder, and you will also need to create your own .env file in the following format,
```
# Spotify API keys

SPOTIFY_ID=your-spotify-id
SPOTIFY_SECRET=your-spotify-secret

# Twitter API keys

TWITTER_CONSUMER_KEY=your-twitter-consumer-key
TWITTER_CONSUMER_SECRET=your-twitter-consumer-secret
TWITTER_ACCESS_TOKEN_KEY=your-access-token-key
TWITTER_ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET=your-twitter-access-token-secret
```
NOTE: There are four different commands you can run with this app:
1. my-tweets
2. spotify-this-song
3. movie-this
4. do-what-it-says

Examples:
* Without Name specified: `node liri.js spotify-this-song`
* With Name specified: `node liri.js movie-this "The Matrix"`

Link to Deployed Project: https://jrol.github.io/liri-node-app/

Link to Updated Porfolio: https://jrol.github.io/Updated-Portfolio-Page-1/

Commit message:

README.md GitHub Repository link added

README.md, after:

# LIRI Bot

Problem: Create a command line node app that takes in parameters and gives you back data.

Requirements: This is a node.js app, and you will need to run this on the command line. You will need to run `npm install` to get the node_modules folder, and you will also need to create your own .env file in the following format,
```
# Spotify API keys

SPOTIFY_ID=your-spotify-id
SPOTIFY_SECRET=your-spotify-secret

# Twitter API keys

TWITTER_CONSUMER_KEY=your-twitter-consumer-key
TWITTER_CONSUMER_SECRET=your-twitter-consumer-secret
TWITTER_ACCESS_TOKEN_KEY=your-access-token-key
TWITTER_ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET=your-twitter-access-token-secret
```
NOTE: There are four different commands you can run with this app:
1. my-tweets
2. spotify-this-song
3. movie-this
4. do-what-it-says

Examples:
* Without Name specified: `node liri.js spotify-this-song`
* With Name specified: `node liri.js movie-this "The Matrix"`

[Link to GitHub Repository for LIRI Bot Project: https://github.com/jRol/liri-node-app](https://github.com/jRol/liri-node-app)

[Link to Project README.md file on GitHub Pages: https://jrol.github.io/liri-node-app/](https://jrol.github.io/liri-node-app/)

[Link to Updated Porfolio: https://jrol.github.io/Updated-Portfolio-Page-1/](https://jrol.github.io/Updated-Portfolio-Page-1/)
